DOCSP-31190 Zero value for missing required property (#537)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/data-model/update-schema.txt

However, you should consider making the property optional to avoid the need to 
modify existing Atlas documents. 

> .. note:: Objects missing a required property will default to a zero value

Reviewer: Nit: our style guide calls for us to avoid future tense.

```suggestion
.. note:: Objects missing a required property default to a zero value
```

   Clients are allowed to create and Sync objects missing a required property. 

>    The server will populate the missing required value field with a zero or blank value

Reviewer: Nit: tense.
```suggestion
   The server populates the missing required value field with a zero or blank value
```

However, you should consider making the property optional to avoid the need to 
modify existing Atlas documents. 

> .. note:: Required Properties Missing in a Schema Subset Will Default to Zero for New Documents

Reviewer 2: Sorry I think I misunderstood your question on slack about this - we actually do this every time for data coming from Realm. this section LGTM if we just remove the references to "new"

   Clients can open the Realm with a subset of a schema that doesn't 
   include a required property. In this case, the server populates the 
   missing required value field with a zero or blank value
   (like 0, "", or 0.0), depending on the property type.

> 

Reviewer: I can't comment directly, but the section below this - "Modify Existing Atlas Documents" - describes how you have to update existing documents with a new required property or they don't sync with the client. 

Is that still true with this new required property behavior? i.e. does the server populate missing required value fields only for _new_ documents, or does it also retroactively apply the missing default for documents that are already in a collection?

If it's true only for _new_ documents, we should probably add that in the note. Maybe something like "When you sync objects from the client that are missing a required property, the server populates the missing required value field with..."

And then maybe add clarification in the section below, too, that this behavior doesn't apply to existing documents in a collection, and they still have to populate those with default values or they don't sync.

OR if they no longer have to add default values to existing documents to get them to sync, we should probably delete the section below?

Author: It's only for new documents! I think specifying in the note will suffice. Wouldn't want to convolute the next section for such a small case. Let me know what you think of the update!

Reviewer: Perfect, that makes sense. Thank you for clarifying!
